Add docs on how to deploy to heroku using chatops (#95)
primer/view_components: README.md

Document components with [YARD](https://yardoc.org/). Docs are published to [RubyDoc.info](https://rubydoc.info/github/primer/view_components).

## Deploying to Heroku

> We have both `staging` and `production` environments. To deploy Storybook to heroku run on `#primer-view-components-ops`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have both `staging` and `production` environments. To deploy Storybook to Heroku, run the following in `#primer-view-components-ops`:
```
